
===== request 21 2026-09-24 12:33:08 =====
kind: chat
model: deepseek-v4.1-flash
stream: 0
tools: 0
think_mode: none
prompt_tokens: 2045
effective_prompt_tokens: 2045
cached_tokens: 0
max_tokens: 128
temperature: 0.000
top_k: 0
top_p: 1.000
min_p: 0.000
ignore_eos: 0
seed: 101
stream_include_usage: 0

--- cache decision ---
live_tokens_before: 8282
prompt_tokens: 2045
live_prompt_common: 2043
memory_token_reusable: 0
memory_miss_reason: token-mismatch
tool_replay: mem=0 disk=0 canonical=0 missing_ids=0
cache_source: none
cached_tokens: 0
disk_cached_tokens: 0

first_mismatch_token: 2043
token_window: [2035..2052)
   2035 ==          live 98576 " stale" | prompt 98576 " stale"
   2036 ==          live 2501 " state" | prompt 2501 " state"
   2037 ==          live 538 " from" | prompt 538 " from"
   2038 ==          live 28554 " replacing" | prompt 28554 " replacing"
   2039 ==          live 270 " the" | prompt 270 " the"
   2040 ==          live 62011 " authoritative" | prompt 62011 " authoritative"
   2041 ==          live 1529 " result" | prompt 1529 " result"
   2042 ==          live 603 ".\n" | prompt 603 ".\n"
   2043 !=          live 19342 "Section" | prompt 128804 "<｜Assistant｜>"
   2044 !=          live 223 " " | prompt 128822 "</think>"
   2045 live-only   live 20 "2" | prompt - <none>
   2046 live-only   live 16 "." | prompt - <none>
   2047 live-only   live 27 "9" | prompt - <none>
   2048 live-only   live 28 ":" | prompt - <none>
   2049 live-only   live 23183 " Roll" | prompt - <none>
   2050 live-only   live 3555 "back" | prompt - <none>
   2051 live-only   live 16 "." | prompt - <none>

--- raw request json ---
{"model": "deepseek-v4.1-flash", "messages": [{"content": "You are a helpful assistant", "role": "system"}, {"content": "Review this synthetic specification of a resumable object-processing service. Write a detailed technical critique longer than 128 tokens, examining correctness boundaries and the interactions among sections rather than copying the input. Do not call tools or perform operations. The document describes proposed invariants, not measurements or live cluster logs.\n\nSection 1.1: Admission. Each accepted request obtains a durable request identifier before it is queued. Repeated submissions with the same identifier return the recorded result; a request whose receipt is missing is not presumed successful. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.2: Object versioning. An object version consists of immutable content bytes, a schema number and an origin signature. The storage path alone does not identify the version. Readers validate the bound hash before interpreting fields. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.3: Authorization. Permission receipts bind principal, action, object version and expiry. A test result is not a permission. A renewed permission does not retroactively authorize an action performed under an expired grant. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.4: Queue partitions. Partitions have increasing offsets with explicit gaps. The consumer tracks acknowledged offsets separately from materialized business effects. Offset acknowledgment cannot hide a missing output commit. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.5: Lease epochs. A lease identifies owner and epoch; its expiration stops new admission but does not prove that an old operation did not commit. Reconciliation reads the authoritative operation journal before reassignment. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.6: Temporary staging. Writes first produce immutable staging objects. Publishing a pointer requires all referenced objects and their receipts. An incomplete staging area remains visible as incomplete rather than being renamed final. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.7: Schema translation. Translations preserve absent fields separately from explicit null, zero, false and empty strings. Version precedence is numeric and is resolved before conversion. The original event is retained with the translated view. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.8: Deduplication. Only a validated accepted operation claims its idempotency key. A rejected operation cannot prevent a later valid retry. A duplicate valid operation is a no-op and must not overwrite the first immutable receipt. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.9: Rollback. Rollback changes the active pointer only after the old and new states are identified. It does not erase the failed operation or its initial cause. Dependencies still in use cannot be removed merely because rollback finished. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.10: Metrics. Every duration declares its observer and boundaries. Queue wait, prompt processing, output generation and response transport remain distinct. Unobserved timestamps are null and are not reconstructed from throughput ratios. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.11: Caching. Resident code and warmed allocation do not imply prior-request state reuse. Each request records processed and reused input counts. In-request working state is normal and is not mislabeled an inter-request cache hit. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.12: Memory accounting. Shared pages may appear in process mappings and device-visible allocations. Capacity planning records physical availability, private working sets and mapped files separately, without summing overlapping categories. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.13: Cancellation. Cancellation requests have their own durable receipts. If an operation finished before cancellation was applied, its completed result remains authoritative. A caller disconnect is not treated as proof of cancellation. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.14: Cross-node coordination. Each peer exposes boot identity, invocation identity and current epoch. A failed network read gives UNKNOWN, not OFF. Cleanup stops only owned invocations and cannot infer process identity from a generic executable name. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.15: Validation. Format checks precede semantic checks but never replace them. An internally consistent total can still describe the wrong records. Independent recalculation uses available source inputs rather than the candidate result as its oracle. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.16: Documents. Every claim has its own supporting record set. A real record identifier is insufficient when the record is irrelevant, superseded or outside the cutoff. Missing evidence must not be replaced with plausible text. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.17: Task graphs. A task can start only after all mandatory predecessor results are terminal and accepted. A successful sibling does not satisfy another predecessor. The planner validates resource conflicts separately from graph acyclicity. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.18: Partial completion. A request stopped at its output limit remains partial even when its text looks polished. No additional request silently completes it. The denominator includes partial and technically failed requests. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.19: Replication. A replica serving a different request increases capacity but does not accelerate one request. Sharding weights changes residency requirements; it does not guarantee lower latency or preserve a previous numerical path. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 1.20: Recovery handoff. The handoff records the last observed state, source revisions, current jobs and a single next action. Historical next actions in archived reports are not automatically reactivated by a new session. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.\nSection 2.1: Admission. Each accepted request obtains a durable request identifier before it is queued. Repeated submissions with the same identifier return the recorded result; a request whose receipt is missing is not presumed successful. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.\nSection 2.2: Object versioning. An object version consists of immutable content bytes, a schema number and an origin signature. The storage path alone does not identify the version. Readers validate the bound hash before interpreting fields. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.\nSection 2.3: Authorization. Permission receipts bind principal, action, object version and expiry. A test result is not a permission. A renewed permission does not retroactively authorize an action performed under an expired grant. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.\nSection 2.4: Queue partitions. Partitions have increasing offsets with explicit gaps. The consumer tracks acknowledged offsets separately from materialized business effects. Offset acknowledgment cannot hide a missing output commit. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.\nSection 2.5: Lease epochs. A lease identifies owner and epoch; its expiration stops new admission but does not prove that an old operation did not commit. Reconciliation reads the authoritative operation journal before reassignment. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.\nSection 2.6: Temporary staging. Writes first produce immutable staging objects. Publishing a pointer requires all referenced objects and their receipts. An incomplete staging area remains visible as incomplete rather than being renamed final. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.\nSection 2.7: Schema translation. Translations preserve absent fields separately from explicit null, zero, false and empty strings. Version precedence is numeric and is resolved before conversion. The original event is retained with the translated view. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.\nSection 2.8: Deduplication. Only a validated accepted operation claims its idempotency key. A rejected operation cannot prevent a later valid retry. A duplicate valid operation is a no-op and must not overwrite the first immutable receipt. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.\n", "role": "user"}], "max_tokens": 128, "stream": false, "reasoning_effort": "none", "thinking": false, "temperature": 0.0, "top_k": 0, "top_p": 1.0, "min_p": 0.0, "seed": 101, "ignore_eos": false, "tools": [], "tool_choice": "none"}

--- rendered prompt ---
<｜begin▁of▁sentence｜><｜System｜>You are a helpful assistant<｜User｜>Review this synthetic specification of a resumable object-processing service. Write a detailed technical critique longer than 128 tokens, examining correctness boundaries and the interactions among sections rather than copying the input. Do not call tools or perform operations. The document describes proposed invariants, not measurements or live cluster logs.

Section 1.1: Admission. Each accepted request obtains a durable request identifier before it is queued. Repeated submissions with the same identifier return the recorded result; a request whose receipt is missing is not presumed successful. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.2: Object versioning. An object version consists of immutable content bytes, a schema number and an origin signature. The storage path alone does not identify the version. Readers validate the bound hash before interpreting fields. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.3: Authorization. Permission receipts bind principal, action, object version and expiry. A test result is not a permission. A renewed permission does not retroactively authorize an action performed under an expired grant. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.4: Queue partitions. Partitions have increasing offsets with explicit gaps. The consumer tracks acknowledged offsets separately from materialized business effects. Offset acknowledgment cannot hide a missing output commit. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.5: Lease epochs. A lease identifies owner and epoch; its expiration stops new admission but does not prove that an old operation did not commit. Reconciliation reads the authoritative operation journal before reassignment. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.6: Temporary staging. Writes first produce immutable staging objects. Publishing a pointer requires all referenced objects and their receipts. An incomplete staging area remains visible as incomplete rather than being renamed final. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.7: Schema translation. Translations preserve absent fields separately from explicit null, zero, false and empty strings. Version precedence is numeric and is resolved before conversion. The original event is retained with the translated view. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.8: Deduplication. Only a validated accepted operation claims its idempotency key. A rejected operation cannot prevent a later valid retry. A duplicate valid operation is a no-op and must not overwrite the first immutable receipt. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.9: Rollback. Rollback changes the active pointer only after the old and new states are identified. It does not erase the failed operation or its initial cause. Dependencies still in use cannot be removed merely because rollback finished. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.10: Metrics. Every duration declares its observer and boundaries. Queue wait, prompt processing, output generation and response transport remain distinct. Unobserved timestamps are null and are not reconstructed from throughput ratios. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.11: Caching. Resident code and warmed allocation do not imply prior-request state reuse. Each request records processed and reused input counts. In-request working state is normal and is not mislabeled an inter-request cache hit. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.12: Memory accounting. Shared pages may appear in process mappings and device-visible allocations. Capacity planning records physical availability, private working sets and mapped files separately, without summing overlapping categories. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.13: Cancellation. Cancellation requests have their own durable receipts. If an operation finished before cancellation was applied, its completed result remains authoritative. A caller disconnect is not treated as proof of cancellation. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.14: Cross-node coordination. Each peer exposes boot identity, invocation identity and current epoch. A failed network read gives UNKNOWN, not OFF. Cleanup stops only owned invocations and cannot infer process identity from a generic executable name. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.15: Validation. Format checks precede semantic checks but never replace them. An internally consistent total can still describe the wrong records. Independent recalculation uses available source inputs rather than the candidate result as its oracle. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.16: Documents. Every claim has its own supporting record set. A real record identifier is insufficient when the record is irrelevant, superseded or outside the cutoff. Missing evidence must not be replaced with plausible text. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.17: Task graphs. A task can start only after all mandatory predecessor results are terminal and accepted. A successful sibling does not satisfy another predecessor. The planner validates resource conflicts separately from graph acyclicity. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.18: Partial completion. A request stopped at its output limit remains partial even when its text looks polished. No additional request silently completes it. The denominator includes partial and technically failed requests. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.19: Replication. A replica serving a different request increases capacity but does not accelerate one request. Sharding weights changes residency requirements; it does not guarantee lower latency or preserve a previous numerical path. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 1.20: Recovery handoff. The handoff records the last observed state, source revisions, current jobs and a single next action. Historical next actions in archived reports are not automatically reactivated by a new session. A coordinator crash may occur after the write but before the acknowledgment. Explain which durable evidence distinguishes committed, rejected and unknown outcomes.
Section 2.1: Admission. Each accepted request obtains a durable request identifier before it is queued. Repeated submissions with the same identifier return the recorded result; a request whose receipt is missing is not presumed successful. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.
Section 2.2: Object versioning. An object version consists of immutable content bytes, a schema number and an origin signature. The storage path alone does not identify the version. Readers validate the bound hash before interpreting fields. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.
Section 2.3: Authorization. Permission receipts bind principal, action, object version and expiry. A test result is not a permission. A renewed permission does not retroactively authorize an action performed under an expired grant. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.
Section 2.4: Queue partitions. Partitions have increasing offsets with explicit gaps. The consumer tracks acknowledged offsets separately from materialized business effects. Offset acknowledgment cannot hide a missing output commit. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.
Section 2.5: Lease epochs. A lease identifies owner and epoch; its expiration stops new admission but does not prove that an old operation did not commit. Reconciliation reads the authoritative operation journal before reassignment. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.
Section 2.6: Temporary staging. Writes first produce immutable staging objects. Publishing a pointer requires all referenced objects and their receipts. An incomplete staging area remains visible as incomplete rather than being renamed final. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.
Section 2.7: Schema translation. Translations preserve absent fields separately from explicit null, zero, false and empty strings. Version precedence is numeric and is resolved before conversion. The original event is retained with the translated view. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.
Section 2.8: Deduplication. Only a validated accepted operation claims its idempotency key. A rejected operation cannot prevent a later valid retry. A duplicate valid operation is a no-op and must not overwrite the first immutable receipt. Consider a delayed peer response arriving after a newer epoch has been admitted. Identify the checks that prevent stale state from replacing the authoritative result.
<｜Assistant｜></think>

--- generated text ---


--- trace: prefill done; decode_max=128 ctx_room=14339 ---

The specification is internally rich but structurally repetitive: each subsection in 1.x appends the same crash/evidence question, and each subsection in 2.x appends the same stale-peer question. That repetition is not merely stylistic; it creates ambiguity about whether the repeated question is a local invariant, a cross-cutting requirement, or a placeholder for missing detail. A stronger document would separate shared crash-recovery and epoch-validation rules from per-domain invariants, then state which sections inherit them and which override them.

The most important correctness boundary is the distinction between durable evidence and inferred outcome. Section 1.1 correctly says a missing receipt is not

--- parsed message ---
finish: length
generated_tokens: 128
dsml_start: 0
dsml_end: 0
elapsed_sec: 29.494

content:
The specification is internally rich but structurally repetitive: each subsection in 1.x appends the same crash/evidence question, and each subsection in 2.x appends the same stale-peer question. That repetition is not merely stylistic; it creates ambiguity about whether the repeated question is a local invariant, a cross-cutting requirement, or a placeholder for missing detail. A stronger document would separate shared crash-recovery and epoch-validation rules from per-domain invariants, then state which sections inherit them and which override them.

The most important correctness boundary is the distinction between durable evidence and inferred outcome. Section 1.1 correctly says a missing receipt is not

===== end request 21 =====
